feature: help determine os and arch (#447)
oras-project/oras-www: versioned_docs/version-1.3.0-beta.1/installation.mdx

Install ORAS from the latest [release artifacts](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/releases):

> In most cases, you can determine operating system and architecture using `uname`:

Reviewer: I think `uname` is not applicable in Windows (PowerShell). Should we state that these commands are for Unix-based systems (Linux, macOS) ?

Author: ```suggestion
For macOS and Linux type operating systems, you can determine operating system and architecture using `uname`:
```

> In most cases, you can determine operating system and architecture using `uname`:

Author: ```suggestion
You can determine operating system and architecture using `uname` for most operating systems other than Windows (PowerShell):
```
